Benjamin developed the initial connection between the database and implemented an initial version of the app that had posting capabilities, but only for text-based posting and created the initial front end measures to display the posts in a feed like display and a form to take in the information that would be contained in the new post. Changhao built upon this by implementing the update, delete, comment, and liking functionality as well as enabling images to be properly stored and displayed. Wenkai assisted in implementing parts of these core functionalities and helped resolve bugs that arose. From this Benjamin developed a login/sign-up interface that stored username and password information and enabled posts to also include the user that created the post, comments, as well as ensuring that a user could like a post only once, and only a user could delete or modify their own post. Authentication was done with JWT to ensure that users were properly authenticated before accessing the main feed and also executing any of the actions available in the UI. Xiaozuo also worked on implementing the authentication portion. Then Benjamin developed the email notifications as part of the create post function that notifies users that have notifications enabled (default) of a new post that has been created. Benjamin then updated the style .css files and ensured the UI was navigable (by way of a navigation bar at the top of the page) and visually appealing to the user. Lastly, Benjamin implemented the test code which was as mentioned targeted at the backend functionality, ensuring that the HTTP requests being made by the back end were being properly routed to ensure the information that was being received in response was properly available to the api calls on the frontend. Under advice from the TA’s, Github Co-Pilot was used in the assistance of simplifying this process, through the use of some contextual code completions, this was done to speed up the process and ensure fewer errors that arose from mis-types. Benjamin developed the documentation and recorded the demo video. Due to miscommunication and tardiness over the course of this project, portions of the project were implemented by Benjamin independently of the group, leading to other members implementing portions that were then no longer in conjunction with the independent implementation that was ultimately submitted.
